[DO NOT MERGE] [DOCS] Fiddler Reporter section (#561)
telerik/fiddler-everywhere-docs: modify-and-filter-traffic/conditions-and-actions.md

## Final and Non-Final Actions

Rule actions can be divided into **final** and **non-final** depending on their behavior and whether their presence will allow our actions and rules to be executed. By default, some actions are already final (refer to the detailed [actions comparison table](#actions) above). However, each non-final action can be explicitly made final through the dedicated checkbox **"Stop processing more rules"** while creating the action in the rules builder.

When you work with final and non-final actions, take into consideration the following insights:

* Final actions prevent the execution of any other actions in the same rule.

* Final actions prevent the execution of any other rule with lower priority (placed lower in the Rules list).

> * Final actions prevent the execution of any other rule with lower priority (placed lower in the Rules list).

Reviewer: You have the same line twice ("Final actions prevent the execution of any other rule with lower priority (placed lower in the Rules list).").

As a result, the session will bear the action from non-final rule A, even though the final rule B was with lower priority. This is because the final action only blocks the execution of further actions and rules but does not block the execution of actions and rules that come before it. 

## Matching Conditions Specifics

When creating a matching condition in Fiddler Everywhere, you should consider the following:

- Fiddler Everywhere will try to match each session before a request is sent to the server (Fiddler receives requests > match > Fiddler forwards the request to the server) and before a response is sent to the client (Fiddler receives response > match > Fiddler forwards the response to the client app)

- Match conditions will be tested when all the information is available. For example, match conditions that only require data available for the requests are tested before the request is sent to the server. On the contrary, match conditions that depend on a value from the response are tested before returning the response.

- All rules and their matching conditions are tested in order of appearance from top to bottom.

> - If a rule contains a matching condition related to a response but contains actions related to the request, then the specific action will be executed after the server receives the request, and all changes will be visible in Fiddler Everywhere only. The user receive a warning wihtin the UI about the above behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If a rule contains a matching condition related to a response but contains actions related to the request, then the specific action will be executed after the server receives the request, and all changes will be visible in Fiddler Everywhere only. The user receives a warning within the UI about the above behavior.
```
